This lesson you will learn how to go through a dictionary entry by entry and why you need to unpack
tuples for it.
All right.
So if you want to go through every single item within your dictionary and by item I mean a pair.
So this is a paper which is an item unique and you see as example you can go ahead and of course say
four key in D.
Print the key.
So this way we get the key and it can seem unique Budapest and Helsinki.
But then if you want to have the value well you can simply say value is equal to D.
And here is key.
So the.
And the entry for the key so goes through every single entry and creates the key and then it just uses
the key in order to find out the value.
And then we can of course go ahead and print the value as well.
So let's do that as it can seem unique and you see Europe has the and so forth.
That is a totally valid approach.
But then you can do something pretty cool because you can use them as tuples So this can be a tool that
can be a tuple.
So every single item can be used as a tuple.
So if we do is following four key comma value in the dot items and by dealer items Let's check it out.
Print the dot items and I'm really missing a closing bracket as you can see dict items so you can get
all the dictionary items in there.
And as you can see it's actually stored as a tuple so Munich and you see is stored as a tuple.
How do I know that.
Well you see that it's come in those brackets and it's separated by a comma and then that is generally
how we create tuples or how tuples are represented right.
So for key value in deduct items and dealer items is a set of tuples.
So it goes through all the tuples and stores the key and value accordingly.
And now we can just go ahead and print that.
So print key plus the colon and the space plus value.
So now we have this beautiful way of presenting the data accordingly.
And with superdense as you can see just really those two lines of code.
And that's pretty much what we're using here so this is the unpacking of tuples.
And we're just using this for loop to go through all the tuples which are within the dictionary.
So every single item in the dictionary is a tuple.
So that's really what you should take away from this video.
And the next video you'll see a little challenge.
So see you there.